hey guys join us amazing you magic dong
no it was Chloe's numbers that's her
name to school yo soon number two we got
to take you to the human to the dog
centipede okay
beware for this get prepare yourself
ready we didn't even we didn't even do
that I came like that to do that
so watch watch Human Centipede you'll
understand where you take Lauren where
you taking us Lauren why are you on a
mission Cleopatra
Frank Ocean he's not a witness he is
nothing this this is Copernicus
sometimes people buy dogs
they were looking at that one they
wanted it no he sure is going to cause
I'm so scared
he's in shock wake up oh there's a sign
he's going home that's why he's so
excited in battle about four years ago
call 1-800 see this is dog tree